# school-work
In this blog we are going to go over how to avoid information overload. I am going to give you some tips o how to avoid it and sure when giving your information you do not come across as rude or mean. That is the first thing that we will be going over. 
How to avoid being misunderstood by your tone. You want to use a casual tone that is yet formal at the same time. There several ways to do this.  one way to do this is to write in a way catches the listeners or readers. They call this the “you” attitude.  With this method you will use you or yours. Now this can be a bad thing to use in places like a fast food restaurant with management placing blame solely on its employees when some sort of communication breakdown happens with employees and the costumers. 
The next thing to help make sure you are not going through information overload is to establish your credibility. Which is a measurement of how believable you are and how authentic you can be. You have to make your audiences trust you. To do this you need to have honesty, be respectable, you should be aware of your audience’s needs and you need to respect what others think of you.  You should be able to be objective towards your reader’s needs. Be able to look at all sides of the problem.  
The next point we will be going over in how to avoid information overload is to use plain language. If you use words that people have to have a thesaurus to know what are most likely they are not going to understand what you are saying. You want to use laminins terms with patients instead of full blown medical terms. 
These are some of the best ways to avoid information overload when giving a presentation or sending a message. 
